                                                          PROJECT REPORT
                                                          
Gathering the data was the hardest part of this project for me, and I even chose to change the project title for this reason. 
I could hardly find the data sets I was looking for on my first project title, "Covid-19's positive impact on Cargo companies and applications", 
so I chose the title "Covid-19's impact on violence against women". I was able to associate this title with different fields, and because this title is a more general problem, 
it was a little easier to find datasets about it than the other title. I tried to find data sets such as the effect of Covid-19 on the economy, 
the unemployment it caused and the rates of violence against women, which I have cited as some of the reasons for violence against women under this heading, 
but I could not find enough data sets on the internet about this subject, but the ones I found were because they demanded a fee. or because they did not have up-to-date data, 
the most difficult part of the project was finding the necessary data for me. After finding the datasets, the other difficult part, time, came into play. 
Since the collection date of the datasets I found dates back to 3-4 years ago, it was a little difficult to sort out the years when the effect of Covid-19 lasted, 
but I must say that the Datawrapper site I used in this regard also provided convenience, only years. There was a lot of data that I needed to sort out on the datasets, 
not just about the subject, but the tool I used made my job much easier, and I visualized some data with R studio, both with the information we learned in the lesson 
and with the help of the internet. While I was presenting my project, I first started with the impact of Covid-19 on the world and used the data related to it, 
then I went to the side of violence against women and talked about the situation in the world and in our country and used the data related to this issue. 
Instead of giving them as a pre-information, I wanted to bring the reader to a more dominant position on the subject, 
and then I finished my project presentation by sharing the data pointing to the increase in violence against women due to the economic problems and unemployment caused by the pandemic period. 
I hope it has been a project that can create awareness and tell the reader what they want to tell.
